one hundred percent interviews with DJ
required really
that's right yo my name is DJ week 1 i'm
over here with one of the sickest best
travel democra curd label steve aoki
he's in the house pop up steve what's
going on ro our children with you man in
LA cairo six bro you sound so excited to
talk to me i'm so excited to talk to you
um every time i go to your parties bro
i'm always on youtube and it's always
crazy disgusting and we don't have a lot
of time but in my dreams and when i'm
taking showers I'm always listening this
song and I want to just rock out with
you in my power
that's right yeah that doesn't work out
you Steve Aoki I'm crazy sickest music
bloody beetroots I'm in the house any
single you're crazy my name is DJ big
one